in Germany against Mannheim one considers the first three matchdays stands in
saturn-arena is an important treat on the program
statistically clear advantages for one purely 34 Duelle there were approximately 20 times
the eagles won
tenth minute Monheim Lindenberg Saal but the team in dark blue in
Germany with the counter
that is not a foul
11 many players have only value to the counter
Derek Hahn played in Straubing last season
here again ie the preliminary work of Schütz from
finally a goal in the Unterzeil
four minutes later
again turn over Mannheim but this time make which players
Helmet duty only better
Christopher Lee
the scorer
Balance in the 14 minute
Guilt were
without real ones
from the distance 43 that are
he finished for the Kölner Haie now in the fourth wm game in the dress of the
Adler Mannheim makes his third goal
Mannheim again
Euro
gets the disc songs and tells of the hit the 2 2 1 for the
Guests
right
both at the gate of animals as before at 1 2 1 and
again, the disc is turning
End of the first quarter two to one in front of over 3000 spectators nod Germany
but out of the way
probably led the wrong ones
in the second round, a quarter of an hour did not pass open gates
led
then again outnumbered went Mannheim
with the formation co - founder 00 o'clock on the ice and that already to the 1
through Janik and somehow
and you behind the gate
Maccarone in front of the opponent's box but the disc comes so left
who continues to double pack 15
his first in the DL
The SWRC's defeat-free world seems to crumble 90 seconds after
the 1 2 3
were again
only two to the 3rd
now Ingolstadt dives with his double goalscorer in this game
Greilinger praises the disc in front of the goal and no one suspected that Bingen from the
air
stood before the last 20 minutes
3 to 2 for Mannheim
then the 48 minute bully in front of the Mannheim gate
the disc gets stuck so
Bremen the disc
to the 3
but who scored the goal
after the bully
PixelNet also Felbeneben
and in the goal area we see in the course of Ingolstadt and Mitchell of Mannheim
but they may suspect it
nobody closer
at the scabbard referee
Hascher Schouten
all correct
and the scorer Hambrecht
another five minutes now where those on the other side Nicki already there from the
Distance again, the Eagles are ahead
at the bully McDonald's winner
Neumarkt brings the puck to there
and back in Neustadt and under pressure
SID named Daniel the goalkeeper out of the game and tried one with him
another field player
40 seconds before the final siren but the final and the final day
the guests
Carinthia of the farmers
hits the empty goal for 5 to 3 finish
in Germany on 7 the first defeat and that in the
own stadium
but against an opponent who acts again sovereign this season
and probably no longer want to tremble for the playoffs as in the past
Both years but directly to the quarterfinals should be